Everyone enjoys playing quizzes. 

But why stop there? Some of us enjoy **making** quizzes, and today you can find many applications on the web that will help you do that.

But why stop *there*? There are a select few among us who find the quiz makers out there limiting, because we manage a team of quiz makers and need to customise their experience. Perhaps we would like to "white label" the quiz maker application, or restrict the features that some of our quiz maker underlings can use. Perhaps upper management is looking to spend less on cloud storage, and although we protest that our quiz data is wonderfully small, we must nonetheless *look* like we're doing something, and limit the number of quizzes our quiz makers can make. Only a "Quiz-maker-maker" can solve this special set of problems.

But why stop *there*? This was an exciting exercise in abstract thinking, but not challenging enough. What sort of new features would allow an application to merit the title "Quiz-maker-maker-maker"? What sort of features simply could not be devolved down to the "Quiz-maker-maker" or "Quiz-maker" level, staying faithful to the [EU's principle of subsidiarity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsidiarity)?

Introducing a new level of internal management simply won't cut it. Many applications already offer powerful staff management features allowing you to create administrators which can set the permissions of other users. This sort of feature can be devolved to the "Quiz-maker-maker" level. So let us step outside of the fictional "Quiz-maker-making" organisation and consider the possibility that this organisation purchased its software from a very small consultancy specialising in "Quiz-maker-maker" software.

Now we have a whole new raft of features - features you couldn't possibly incorporate into the "Quiz-maker-maker". Time billing, invoices, support tickets, cloud storage! Our consultancy can create and track multiple "Quiz-maker-maker" projects within the confines of a simple application. Due to the CEO's previous experience working for a domain registrar, the organisation abhors the use of hyphens, so they name this application "Quizmakermakermaker":